hey guys is the you rly the uber cliffs
David whatever you want to call me and
this is a gameplay that using the mp7
but it's not really because I mostly use
a Kimbo fmg9 now what I want to discuss
in this commentary and this was recorded
a long time ago by the way I don't use a
kimbos that much anymore if any at all
unless the other team is using them I
know it's a bitch move to use them
though and this was recorded a very long
time ago so don't bitch at me for using
them please I really use them anymore
but what I don't want to discuss is how
Infinity Ward should or sledgehammer or
whatever should go about nerfing these
now the first problem at hand is the hip
spread now the single fmg9 actually has
the same hips spread as it does with a
Kimbo on it which is ridiculous it needs
to have more hip spread with a Kimbo as
a matter of fact if you're watching in
720p right now you might be able to see
my cursor and how small it is actually
may even be able to see it at 360 but uh
and you probably can it you might have
to get a little bit closer to the screen
but I don't know but still the hip
spread is way too low it needs to be a
lot bigger with a Kimbo and that's
pretty much all I don't have exact
numbers I've heard 5.5 being tossed
around but that's way too complicated to
explain but that's an idea as to what
they should set the hips spread to and
that's with steady game without it
should be even bigger but anyways I'm in
the next part the rounds per minute on
the fmg9 is ridiculous the single fmg9
has about a 1035 around per minute rate
which is one of the fastest guns in the
game if I think it actually is the
second fastest next to the p 99 but p99
you need a rapid fire mod to fire at max
speed anyways so the fire rate on these
with a Kimbo if you can do basic math
you can tell that is 2070 which combined
that with his damage and the fact that
it's a 325 shot kill it's just retarded
Lee overpowered just in that you would
you be able to just run around and spray
like that so I think they should be a
nerve to at least 800 RPM atma well at
most 800 RPM maybe a little higher may
probably lower but still they need to be
nerfed to a lower fire rate because
right now you can use even even the
single one you can use as an SMG and
they're supposed to be secondaries not
primaries so that brings me to the next
part the damage currently it is a 4220
damage gun which means it is a two-shot
headshot a three shot kill at close
range and a five shot kill at long range
now even it now that's about on par with
most of the SMGs again but it makes the
g18 and be scorpions pretty much
pointless because they have load low
damage the ga teens have high fire rate
but not as much the fmg9 s and has a
lower clip size lower damage and all of
that so the damage needs to be lowered
to at least thirty maximum and twenty
minimum i would say put it at a 32 17 or
something and on top of that of course
you'd have to nerf MP sevens as well
because those are about the same damage
they have a lower minimum damage but
still anyways akimbo that's that's
pretty much it for the fmg9 s in general
however you would need to nerf the
akimbo MP nines as well and probably the
g8 teams maybe I don't know I wouldn't
have a problem with g18 staying the way
they are and I definitely wouldn't have
a problem with scorpions because the
scorpions are actually ridiculously
underpowered right now
as a matter of fact I'd say make it make
the g18 tip spread wider and keep the
Scorpion as it is because I have no
problem with the Scorpion it's easily
count it's easily gone up against by an
SMG or shotgun but these fmg9 are a
replacement to shotguns like seriously
but anyways a Kim akimbo Xin general
just need to be nerfed oh and all and I
know you guys probably saw me camp it
out for that pave low this was the first
game that I ever got a pavelow and I'm
not sure if I mentioned that earlier but
I wanted to see how good it was and it
is really good it's a lot better than
the ac-130 so if you're going for high
school streak run run a pavelow but
anyways co streak discussion will be
discussed in another video so anyways I
think I'm going to make a series out of
discussing what I think of modern
warfare 3 and like how would balance
guns and perks and all that and what
needs to be done to fix it and yeah more
weapon information as well soon I'm
still trying to get a video out on the
Fed and the fire rate increase and stuff
but it's kind of hard to do but if i get
if i get it and managed to figure it out
definitely expect that in your sub boxes
soon because apparently a silenced or
extended mag fat increases your fire
rate by about seven percent and this has
been known for a while now actually I'm
surprised nobody's made a video about
that anyways this game plays coming to
an end this was a 34 in 6 gameplay that
wasn't very impressive but hey I needed
a name Kimbo fmg9 gameplay and I had
this saved up to discuss the akimbo and
yeah if you want a basic summary of what
I just said in this commentary look in
the description and it'll contain a nice
little list anyways guys is your beliefs
signing off peace out